Even if I die
You will never marry me
If you don't marry
How will you go after your brother's path?
Even if the Gu family is not attached
The story is still a top 10 company in the business world
Miss Gu is really everyone's play
But I have to warn you.
Being overconfident is not a good thing
What does this have to do with you?
Please get out of here
I can go
But what about after I leave?
The Gu family will go bankrupt day by day
You are so mean
Are the Lu family and the Gu family becoming guests?
Still friends
It all depends on how you choose
thousand silver
Do you really have the heart to watch Gu Family Bayern Munich?
Looking at Xiao Ruitang cornered?
Ok I do this
But it takes time for you to divorce like this.
Give me half a month and three days.
I only give you 3 long days.
He will be sad
What's going on here?
Little lover cheats money
Xiaokong smoked a cigarette, who would want money but not life?
Grandpa grandpa
I'll take you to the hospital